you
okay a different style of photography
now we're going to try and photograph
some swans on this pool just here now
before we going to close rather than
getting it from a standing position
we're going to try and get it from
really low down so brought photographers
best friend long beam back this will go
on the floor and the camera will go on
top that will give me the support that I
need in order to get the pictures that
are want I'm not going to go in too
close too soon because at the moment the
subjects that I want these two swans are
right at the edge of the pool if I'm
going too close they're going to be too
close to be able to photograph so we're
just going to wait for a short while
until they move away and then we're
going to going really quite quickly get
the beam bug on the floor get the camera
on the beanbag and as the birds come
towards us then we're going to try and
get some pictures because they're going
to be coming in quite close
I'm not going to use this big lens I'm
going to go for a shorter length I 70 to
200 that'll mean that I've got the
opportunity to zoom out as the birds
coming closer and give me more options
for actually framing the photograph so
we'll go and do that now
you've put the camera directly on a
beanbag that's sitting on the floor the
reason that we've done this is to give
us a low and intimate view of the Swan
because it's not a viewpoint that most
people see most people see the world
from a standing position so if you take
your photograph from much lower down it
can make a far more interesting
photograph well I'm also looking at here
is the background if I take a photograph
with the beam like they're looking at
the swamp I've got lots of white
highlights in the background don't look
all that good if I move just a foot this
way I can use the trees as a dark
background then it means that the Swan
really stands out so you can be really
careful with your backgrounds cuz it can
make or break a photograph
see here what we've done is we've
actually set up the camera so that we
use in the trees as a background and you
can see that there's no distracting
highlights in the background you can see
that here we've moved the camera in the
beanbag slightly and on the right hand
side of the picture you've got lights
coming through the trees and it just
distracts from the background it just
takes something away from the swamp so
here we haven't controlled the
background in the way that we should
have done
I just linked loads graphing swans they
always seem to give you a different
picture
if you careful around them they won't
come for you they're not aggressive at
all I think it might be the combination
of the black and the whites and the
orange and you can get down low and you
can take headshots you can be on your
clothes onto the feathers there's just
something about Swan that's so elegant
and regal I can't resist taking pictures
and I must have thousands of pictures of
swans this is half of the fun of
photography that you can take perhaps
one of the most common birds in the
country and try and make something
different out of it if I make something
abstract out of something that people
are gonna come over that's what keeps me
buzzing as a wildlife photographer don't
mind I'm gonna take some pictures
you